Yes a spell I'm a hobby I'm yes this time Heights
That
Bite and whistle precure illustration dam 4 things
After all it was cheap, so an illustration gum for treatment encounter Smile Pretty Cure
I bought 2 pieces Smile Pretty Cure It's been a while, but it's been opened
But Ah result compromise news Once you Mars miles mon
Smile is good
8 Kuppa eh yeah
Suma Hapipi and A Rays had stretched
right
Yes is Akane eh
Kumari brother is good at the noisy hall
I want to give a friend in the mart I want to give it
Not a leisure after it after
I think that I want to recover this of Jermaine Well said in the previous video
As it was
It is a rising sun and a diamond
Is it Pinter
Bish
Yes snow snow 1
Well Nehonto bulk and diamond as seen in front of the video both is got to empty until the brightness
Well everyone also ask for the audience
Please support me yeah yeah
It is happy today that diamond or ricker comes out
is not it
Well yes I was shaking beneath Well grinded Sword
Tree a person with Ansunfa Smile Dokke alarm woman character bar
I like it, but I'm happy about which bug is double
Then I think that I want to go next
In other Deployment
I think I do not need honest and Oh is
It is this world-class good guy of goods main
Oh dear
It is good that Rea lays such a hit
It is high rosette It sold this again
Unusual in this in Bunken 4 Quigley little happy to note a bad Mondomo machine
Solo Lee also Pretty Cure so
Hey but I think that want Well
Mr. Next Mr. 2 left 3 left
Yeah yeah yeah
One day it was quite a while , but I bought it for a while, so I saved it quite a bit .
I received
Diamond N
I said Well Author glad Sua
Yes Diamonds are over this
rutter aim kiter
Cho joy
Precure three more people have come
No, this is true
I think I have a heart, but I have also complimented all the precures
The rest is that it's a plain clothes, so I don't have one
It 's only Tikka and Kenzaki-san, but it's time to get off and it's time to get rid of it
I will
It's been a while since you're proud It 's already happy if you see what Rokuhana comes out with this
It is good
putter
I am already satisfied
I think I was pretty
Nai Professor Wakan something to
I'm entered will
Do not let undertake no
Mr. Kenzaki came
Audience police
I'm happy to say that in prefecture properly
Well I am there is that
I was able to come here yeah
I hope not to think after
Or
Tatsumi and Yes
Well in that
Well It is plain clothes version
It is a complete with these two, I'm really there today and the content I bought was also good
Yes
Also entered is for two things
It would be nice if there were still people
Is that the start is also a trade?
You can also sell
If the harvest in the first of this summer is over
What Kke'm a place
This
This is so
Speaking of the best harvest is the back of the state
If this is the third best harvest
It is this because it is the third
What
Another name
Diamond
Yes I 'm really happy
I 'm really satisfied.
Oh dear
As we saw in the video before the video, we will continue to buy until we complete it
Well also ask who the law of from this
Maybe next car
Next week car
I have a school trip around next week and I might buy a sub-box on the way back
You are really worried
Yes
I'm thinking I'm going to continue the Pretty Cure guy from now on too
If the actor late mayor thank you So was longer
Thank you Heiko watch let me be this time of the video off at more than